I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The Pet Competition
Peppa and her friends are at playgroup.
Children, tomorrow we will have a pet competition.
Woo!
Bring your pets to school.
The best pet will win a prize.
I'm going to bring my pet gold fish.
I'm going to bring my sticky insect.
I'll bring my gecko.
I'm going to bring Monkey.
Oooh! Oooh!
That's not a real monkey. It's a doll.
It's not a doll. It's Monkey.
Oooh! Oooh! Oooh! Oooh! Oooh!
He likes you, Danny.
Zoe can bring Monkey if she wants to.
Home time, children.
Don't forget your pets for the competition tomorrow.
It is the evening before the pet competition.
Peppa and Susie are getting Goldie the fish ready.
Eat up, Goldie. You've got a big day tomorrow.
I will polish your bowl.
Ha! Ha!
Lovely.
Pedro is talking to his sticky insect.
A sticky insect is an insect that looks like a stick.
Tomorrow you will come with me to playgroup.
They will decide who is the best pet.
And it will be you.
Edmond Elephant is talking to his gecko.
Watch me! Brrr…
Now, you do it.
Brrr…
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Zoe Zebra is talking to her monkey.
Are you excited about the competition, Monkey?
Oooh! Oooh! Oooh!
Remember to be good tomorrow.
Don't be a cheeky monkey.
It is the day of the pet competition.
Madame Gazelle,
who is going to decide which pet is the best?
Doctor Hamster!
Hello, everyone.
Hello.
Ah! What lovely pets you've got!
That's a happy little fish. What's its name?
It's Goldie. You've met her before.
She's got a very shiny bowl.
What is Goldie like doing?
She likes swimming around and going like this.
Wonderful! And who is this?
This is my sticky insect.
What's his name?
Steven.
What does he do?
He looks like a stick.
Amazing! Oh! What kind of animal is this?
It is a gecko.
Does he have a name?
Hemidactylus frenatus.
Edmond Elephant is a clever-clogs.
Right! And what does he do?
This!
Brrr…
Oh! Who's next?
Oooh! Oooh! Oooh! Oooh! Monkey!
Is he meant to be upside down?
Yes, he's asleep.
Ah, I see. Well, it's lovely.
I've brought my pet too, Tiddles the Tortoise.
He likes climbing trees and…
Who is the winner?
Yes, who's won the prize?
Now, the prize goes to…Tiddles the Tortoise!
Doctor Hamster has picked her own pet to win the prize.
That's not fair. It's your own pet.
Oh, no! This is only the prize for the best tortoise.
The prize for the best fish goes to Goldie the fish!
Hooray!
The prize for the best gecko goes to the gecko.
The prize for the pet
who looks most like a stick goes to Steven.
Hooray!
The prize for the best monkey…
Doctor Hamster, he's not a real monkey.
He's just pretend.
The prize for the best pretend monkey goes to Monkey.
Hooray!
But Doctor Hamster, we choose the best pet of all.
All of them. They're all happy healthy pets.
They're all lovely.